1. Watch live as King Charles becomes first head of Church of England to pray publicly with Pope
2. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
3. Strong winds in New Zealand leave tens of thousands without power
4. Toxic air is back again in Delhi - here's why it's so hard to stop it
5. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
6. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
7. Trump says Putin talks 'don't go anywhere' as he imposes new sanctions
8. Person of interest in British girl's disappearance named in Australian state parliament
9. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
10. Strong winds in New Zealand leave tens of thousands without power
11. Rubio warns against West Bank annexation after Israel's parliament advances move
12. France backing away from pledge to intercept migrant boats, sources tell BBC
13. Videos show blast at Russia munitions factory that reportedly killed 10
14. US kills three in second strike on alleged drug boats in the Pacific
15. An ex-first lady, a tycoon and a 'safe pair of hands' vie for power in a cocoa superpower
16. More to explore
17. What's at stake as Trump boat strikes strain US-Colombia alliance
18. IOC to tell members not to host events in Indonesia
19. Agatha Christie meets Mr Men in new children's books
20. Kane can't stop scoring - is the Ballon d'Or within reach?
21. SpaceX says it has cut Starlink services to Myanmar scam camps
22. IOC to tell members not to host events in Indonesia
23. SpaceX says it has cut Starlink services to Myanmar scam camps
24. Most watched
25. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island
26. Pen pals from Canada and Singapore meet for the first time after 43 years
27. Trump to Australian ambassador: 'I don't like you either'
28. Sex, class, horses: The unique mix that made Jilly Cooper's books special
29. Watch: Mum helps evacuate 22 schoolchildren from bus as it catches fire
30. Also in news
31. TikTok creator and US marshal shot during LA immigration raid
32. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
33. Three officers hurt and 24 arrested during disorder in Dublin
34. Temu agrees to remove rip-off greeting cards from its site more quickly
35. Singaporean women acquitted over pro-Palestinian walk
36. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
37. Barbs fly as Mamdani and Cuomo meet in final, furious New York mayoral debate
38. Tesla profits slide despite record revenue
39. Three officers hurt and 24 arrested during disorder in Dublin
40. Most read
41. Rubio warns against West Bank annexation after Israel's parliament advances move
42. Trump says Putin talks 'don't go anywhere' as he imposes new sanctions
43. Gen Z rising? Why young Indians aren't taking to the streets
44. British man drowns in Australia after surfboard snaps in wild weather
45. Strong winds in New Zealand leave tens of thousands without power
46. Person of interest in British girl's disappearance named in Australian state parliament
47. France backing away from pledge to intercept migrant boats, sources tell BBC
48. Myanmar's army is taking back territory with relentless air strikes - and China's help
49. Why Beyond Meat shares surged over 1,000% in four days
50. Toxic air is back again in Delhi - here's why it's so hard to stop it
51. Sport
52. Kane can't stop scoring - is the Ballon d'Or within reach?
53. A glimpse of the future? Liverpool 'near perfect' despite Isak injury
54. I nearly quit football for basketball - Gvardiol
55. Women's World Cup: India make solid start v New Zealand in crucial game
56. Women's Footballer of the Year contender Hampton
57. A glimpse of the future? Liverpool 'near perfect' despite Isak injury
58. England win series v NZ after rain ruins third T20
59. Wembanyama stars as Spurs dominate Mavericks
60. I nearly quit football for basketball - Gvardiol
